hello people so welcome back to Sam's
corner and continuing my Indian dragged
water see these are the banana and the
chocolate heart again is Kitty have a
parabola you all in my head the piggy
ball could be a normal beating huh
no it's the trick Charlie you basic
trick this map are you all yucky
whatever you prefer
are you good Florence alternate universe
and in you'd love oil Hughes cannot
believe your pipes Cooper are tatata
like a chiller can you get by check this
is the main click concentrate
fold it much fun man who chopped you
rappers can say folkert is here I'm sure
you should do it because I used to do it
as a v-fold here is Carlos with Rafa and
then you take like this and yeah yeah
hatred it's now oh yeah it's a battle
for seeds happening at our my deep
concern both sides director and skipper
homeschool failing
typically thing happy yeah so that's how
you gonna do it
bailing you know school could be a
decrepit awning with you oh yeah yeah a
skillet even been heard here you see
this tika bell yeah nice really thick
again how much cookie oil you see nice
except they'll just melt comercio okay
let's go except horizontally
don't use your hand like me use your
brains and use this take care no it's a
boy going you first you can cook in like
as less oil as you want when you're at
home remember back in Austin
I'm jealous about this a monkey yeah
these are zero fever angles of diesel
different have another so the only thing
they would do is add so many of oil the
food literally be eating oily get up
shower that we skillet Eddie cream again
here or here or here or here that's how
it's made it's no rocket science it's
such a simple thing jab man 9ae but look
map new boyfriend Keenan a girlfriend he
and I had sex to play let's have another
game I've answered that we are charged
it rocket yeah up ice bucket yep so this
is how you mimic it it's done so done
and then so let's keep it here you get a
skin ooh buddy battle doll I'll also try
but
yeah deep conscious bunny forget find
that this is Java and have you've done
seven little brother pirata and I'll
show you how to make simple tickly
tickly but whatever it is I'll show in
next video and don't forget to Like and
subscribe and watch my next video
okay